Create documentation for SGX Static Binary Demo (#582)
enarx/enarx: docs/SGX Static Binary Demo Documentation.md

## Intel SGX 2 Static Binary Demo

> This demo is designed to illustrate a static binary running in an SGX Enclave. This demo does not include attestation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo is designed to illustrate a static binary running in an SGX Enclave. This demo *does not* include attestation.
```

It might be worth it to add emphasis on this part, is attestation is otherwise a big part of Enarx.

Reviewer 2: *does not yet*

### Hardware Requirements

> SGX2 support is required to run this demo. Check with your hardware manufacturer to determine if your hardware has SGX2 support enabled. Alternatively, you may reference the linked Wiki page for an incomplete but growing list of SGX enabled hardware.
> https://github.com/ayeks/SGX-hardware/#hardware-with-sgx2-support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SGX2 support is required to run this demo. Check with your hardware manufacturer to determine if your hardware has SGX2 support enabled. Alternatively, you may reference the following page for an incomplete but growing list of SGX enabled hardware:
https://github.com/ayeks/SGX-hardware/#hardware-with-sgx2-support
```

> https://github.com/ayeks/SGX-hardware/#hardware-with-sgx2-support

Reviewer 3: We ship a tool called `sgx-show` in the Enarx repo which can report on SGX support for the platform the program is being ran on.

I wonder if we should supplement these instructions by showing how to build and run `sgx-show` if not replace them entirely in favor of `sgx-show`.

Anyone have any thoughts on this?

Reviewer 4: Though I think linking to the hardware page is also useful. So IMO we should have both.

Author: > We ship a tool called `sgx-show` in the Enarx repo which can report on SGX support for the platform the program is being ran on.
> 
> I wonder if we should supplement these instructions by showing how to build and run `sgx-show` if not replace them entirely in favor of `sgx-show`.
> 
> Anyone have any thoughts on this?

Should this be detailed within this document or a link to a related Wiki page?

Reviewer 3: > Should this be detailed within this document or a link to a related Wiki page?

Let's detail it here. Here's what I'm proposing we should morph the last paragraph into:

Once you have completed the installation instructions, confirm the environment is configured correctly for running the demo. From the root of the Enarx repository:

```shell
$ cd sgx-show
$ cargo run
```

Note that an appropriate environment will have checkmarks next to all entries that `sgx-show` outputs.

Finally, run the demo. From the root of the Enarx repository:

```shell
$ cargo make build
$ enarx-keep-sgx/target/debug/enarx-keep-sgx \
  --code payload/target/x86_64-unknown-linux-musl/debug/payload \
  --shim enarx-keep-sgx-shim/target/x86_64-unknown-linux-musl/debug/enarx-keep-sgx-shim
```

Reviewer 2: > > Should this be detailed within this document or a link to a related Wiki page?
> 
> Let's detail it here. Here's what I'm proposing we should morph the last paragraph into:
> 
> Once you have completed the installation instructions, confirm the environment is configured correctly for running the demo. From the root of the Enarx repository:
> 
> ```shell
> $ cd sgx-show
> $ cargo run
> ```
> […]

You might want to move the `Rust` chapter on top of this, then

### Software Requirements
Operating System: [Fedora 32](https://getfedora.org/en/workstation/download/)

*SGX patches will be necessary to facilitate this demo.*
Download SGX patches for Fedora 32 at https://copr.fedorainfracloud.org/coprs/npmccallum/enarx/.

> To use the SGX patches for Fedora 32, `sudo dnf copr enable npmccallum/enarx && sudo dnf update`, then reboot.

Reviewer: Can we check this? I would expect to see a `dnf upgrade` at least, to change the software actually installed on the machine. As far as i remember `dnf update` only updates the list of available software in the repositories but doesn't change what's installed.
@haraldh, @npmccallum can you chime in?

Reviewer 3: `dnf update` is correct. The behavior you're describing is for `apt` I think (`sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade`)

> To use the SGX patches for Fedora 32, `sudo dnf copr enable npmccallum/enarx && sudo dnf update`, then reboot.

Author: Thanks for the clarification. I made some edits but please let me know if there is a better way to communication that message.

> To use the SGX patches for Fedora 32, `sudo dnf copr enable npmccallum/enarx && sudo dnf update`, then reboot.

Reviewer: Resolving this, as the suggestion has been incorporated by @m-dombrowski!

> At this point, you should be able to see `/dev/sgx/enclave`. 

Reviewer 4: We should make this line more specific. Ex: When you `ls /dev/sgx/enclave`, you should see....

#### Rust

> Ensure you have Rust installed. For information on how to install Rust, visit https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install.

Reviewer: We also have https://github.com/enarx/enarx/wiki/How-to-contribute-code#rust
Should we be referring to that first? (Real question, not sure we should)

Reviewer 3: We should refer to that exclusively (and update it for correctness).

`cargo-make` must be installed (`cargo install cargo-make`) before running `cargo make build`

Reviewer: Agreed with you, @connorkuehl .
#586 is now closed, and this comment refers to an outdated part of the document. I'll resolve the conversation.
